README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Setup the blockchain
### Create a .env
At the root of your project create a file named: `.env.local`.
Add the following content:
```
PRIVATE_KEY=YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HERE
WALLET_ADDRESS=YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS
ALCHEMY_API_URL=YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_URL
```

### Initialize the Thirdweb SDK
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/1-initialize-sdk.js
```
It will output the address of your app.

### Create an ERC-1155 collection
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/2-deploy-drop.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the previous step to make it work.

### Setup NFT data
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/3-config-nft.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the previous step to make it work.

### Setup claim condition
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/4-set-claim-condition.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the second step to make it work.


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

Add scripts to deploy the ERC20 token and airdrop it

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Setup the blockchain
### Create a .env
At the root of your project create a file named: `.env.local`.
Add the following content:
```
PRIVATE_KEY=YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY_HERE
WALLET_ADDRESS=YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS
ALCHEMY_API_URL=YOUR_ALCHEMY_API_URL
```

### Initialize the Thirdweb SDK
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/1-initialize-sdk.js
```
It will output the address of your app.

### Create an ERC-1155 collection
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/2-deploy-drop.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the previous step to make it work.

### Setup NFT data
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/3-config-nft.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the previous step to make it work.

### Setup claim condition
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/4-set-claim-condition.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the second step to make it work.

### Deploy your ERC-20 token
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/5-deploy-token.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the first step to make it work.

### Print Money
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/6-print-money.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your address generated on the previous step to make it work.

### Airdrop
Run the following command:
```
node scripts/7-airdrop-token.js
```
Have a look at the script, you will need to put your addresses generated for the ERC-1155 and ERC-20 tokens
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
